the guy who played him in the movies
key i could also
little accordion
I can not breathe I can more swim
my grandfather played an eight-bass accordion
it was also my tuner you
You think it was the father who charged this phone
play mpb
baby sabino accordion started playing era
boy when the barren emptiness taught
all the tricks of the old accordionists
northeastern Brazilians at age 11
returned to são paulo his hometown
bringing their accordion worldwide but only
started to play professionally there
a few years later with an invitation
to integrate the banda cayana chumbinho
was back in the tradition universe
northeastern
from there to here he presented himself in the houses of
forró most important of brazil and
became if I was asked to
sing also integrated crosses bonbon
accompanied the band of fathers of caruaru
dantas do forró
luciano da gata rosária family
anastácio and humorista joão cláudio
Moreno also participated in a
international disclosure of forró
the group turns the pressure on azores
Portugal
currently works in his solo career
and has luci songs in his repertoire
tambourine gonzaga jackson rose
valença zé ramalho trio northeastern between
the discography are two cds recorded
with the cayana band with the band
caruaru fife
Grammy winner Latin Grammy Award
in addition to his solo career
the fact that it was chosen in 5 thousand
candidates to interpret luiz gonzaga
in the movie gonzaga from father to son
reveals his great talent and brings
recognition of his dedication one had
a tradition so well represents